Terms of Service
================

_Last Updated: June 27, 2022_

## The Gist
We ([Luis Scholl](https://luisscholl.de)) are on a mission to make the web a better place. We hope you love our services — BeatFork.com, the platform around the open source game BeatFork, and backend.BeatFork.com and auth.BeatFork.com, which make BeatFork.com possible — as much as we love creating them.
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) describe our commitments to you, and your rights and responsibilities when using our services. Please read them carefully and reach out to us if you have any questions. **These Terms include a mandatory arbitration provision in Section 16. If you don’t agree to these Terms, don’t use our services.**
We’ve made these Terms available under a [Creative Commons Sharealike license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/), which means that you’re more than welcome to copy them, adapt them, and repurpose them for your own use. Just make sure to revise them so that your Terms of Service reflect your actual practices. Also, if you do use these Terms, we’d appreciate a credit and link to BeatFork, Luis Scholl and Automattic (from whom we adapted these terms) somewhere on your website. You can grab a copy of these Terms and other legal documents on [GitHub](https://github.com/luisscholl/beatfork/tree/main/legal).
## Terms of Service
These Terms govern your access to and use of the service we provide through or for [BeatFork.com](https://beatfork.com), [backend.BeatFork.com](https://backend.beatfork.com), and [auth.BeatFork.com](auth.beatfork.com) (collectively, “Services”).
Please read these Terms carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to be bound by all of the Terms and all other operating rules, policies, and procedures that we may publish via the Services from time to time (collectively, the “Agreement”). You also agree that we may automatically change, update, or add on to our Services, and this Agreement will apply to any changes.
## 1. Who’s Who
“You” means any individual or entity using our Services. If you use our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent and warrant that you’re authorized to accept the Agreement on that person’s or entity’s behalf, that by using our Services you're accepting the Agreement on behalf of that person or entity, and that if you, or that person or entity, violates the Agreement, you and that person or entity agree to be responsible to us.

We refer to Luis Scholl “Luis Scholl” or “we” throughout these Terms.
## 2. Your Account
When using our Services requires an account, you agree to provide us with complete and accurate information and to keep the information current so that we can communicate with you about your account. We may need to send you emails about notable updates (like changes to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy), or to let you know about legal inquiries or complaints we receive about the ways you use our Services so you can make informed choices in response.
We may limit your access to our Services until we’re able to verify your account information, like your email address.
When you create a BeatFork.com account, we consider that to be an inquiry about our services, which means that we may also contact you to share more details about what we have to offer (i.e., marketing). Don’t worry — if you aren’t interested, you can opt out of the marketing communications, whether it’s an email, phone call, or text message.
You’re solely responsible and liable for all activity under your account. You’re also fully responsible for maintaining the security of your account (which includes keeping your password secure). We’re not liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of your acts or omissions.
Don’t share or misuse your access credentials. And notify us immediately of any unauthorized uses of your account, store, or website, or of any other breach of security. If we believe your account has been compromised, we may suspend or disable it.
If you'd like to learn about how we handle the data you provide us, please see our [Privacy Policy](https://beatfork.com/privacy/).
## 3. Minimum Age Requirements
Our Services are not directed to children. You’re not allowed to access or use our Services if you’re under the age of 13 (or 16 in Europe). If you register as a user or otherwise use our Services, you represent that you’re at least 13 (or 16 in Europe). You may use our Services only if you can legally form a binding contract with us. In other words, if you’re under 18 years of age (or the legal age of majority where you live), you can only use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to the Agreement.
## 4. Responsibility of Visitors and Users
We haven’t reviewed, and can’t review, all of the content (like text, photo, video, audio, code, computer software, and other materials) posted to or made available through our Services by users or anyone else (“Content”) or on websites that link to, or are linked from, our Services. We’re not responsible for any use or effects of Content or third-party websites. So, for example:

* We don’t have any control over third-party websites.
* A link to or from one of our Services does not represent or imply that we endorse any third-party website.
* We don’t endorse any Content or represent that Content is accurate, useful, or not harmful. Content could be offensive, indecent, or objectionable; include technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, or other errors; or violate or infringe the privacy, publicity rights, intellectual property rights, or other proprietary rights of third parties.
* You’re fully responsible for the Content posted by you, and any harm resulting from that Content. It’s your responsibility to ensure that your Content abides by applicable laws and by the Agreement.
* We aren’t responsible for any harm resulting from anyone’s access, use, purchase, or downloading of Content, or for any harm resulting from third-party websites. You’re responsible for taking the necessary precautions to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
* We are not a party to, and will have no responsibility or liability for, any communications, transactions, interactions, or disputes between you and the provider of any Content.

Please note that additional third-party terms and conditions may apply to Content you download, copy, or use.
## 5. Feedback
We love hearing from you and are always looking to improve our Services. When you share comments, ideas, or feedback with us, you agree that we're free to use them without any restriction or compensation to you.
## 6. General Representation and Warranty
Our mission is to make the web a better place, and our Services are designed to give you control and ownership over your account. We encourage you to express yourself freely, subject to a few requirements. In particular, you represent and warrant that your use of our Services:

* Will be in strict accordance with the Agreement;
* Will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, all applicable laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content, privacy, data protection, the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside, the use or provision of financial services, notification and consumer protection, unfair competition, and false advertising);
* Will not be for any unlawful purposes, to publish illegal content, or in furtherance of illegal activities;
* Will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of Automattic or any third party;
* Will not overburden or interfere with our systems or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, as determined by us in our sole discretion;
* Will not disclose the personal information of yourself or others;
* Will not be used to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages;
* Will not interfere with, disrupt, or attack any service or network;
* Will not be used to create, distribute, or enable material that is, facilitates, or operates in conjunction with, malware, spyware, adware, or other malicious programs or code;
* Will not involve reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, deciphering, or otherwise attempting to derive the source code for the Services or any related technology that is not open source; and (Most parts of our Services are open source, however some like AWS Cognito, which we use to provide our Services, are not.)
* Will not involve renting, leasing, loaning, selling, or reselling the Services or related data without our consent.

## 7. Accounts
[BeatFork.com](https://beatfork.com/) enables you to create, play and share BeatFork levels, and we would love for you to use it. A BeatFork.com account also allows you to sign into our Services.
BeatFork.com’s service is free. We don't own your content, and you retain all ownership rights you have in the content you post. However, be responsible in what you publish. In particular, make sure that nothing prohibited (like spam, viruses, or serious threats of violence) appears.
If you find a BeatFork.com account that you believe violates these Terms, please [let us know](mailto:support@beatfork.com).
**License.** By uploading or sharing Content, you grant every person including us a worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, adapt, publicly display, and publish the Content. This license among other things allows other BeatFork users to "remix" levels and allows third parties to use levels posted to BeatFork.com in their own services. (We hope that somebody else takes over hosting the BeatFork game as we don't fancy having to deal with the operational overhead of hosting a web service in our free time.)
**Removing Content.** If you delete Content, we’ll use reasonable efforts to remove it from public view on BeatFork.com, but you acknowledge that cached versions of the Content or references to the Content may not be immediately unavailable. This does not extend to derivatives or reuploads of your Content through other BeatFork.com users as i) you granted them a license to do so ii) this is an operational overhead, which we cannot handle.
**Prohibited Uses.** Your Content and conduct must not violate the [BeatFork.com User Guidelines](https://beatfork.com/user-guidelines/).
## 8. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy
As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights, we respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe any Content violates your copyright, please see our [Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy](https://beatfork.com/dmca-notice/) and send us a notice.
## 9. Intellectual Property
The Agreement doesn’t transfer any Luis Scholl or third-party intellectual property to you, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property remains (as between Luis Scholl and you) solely with Luis Scholl. Trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with our Services may be the trademarks of third parties. Using our Services doesn’t grant you any right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any trademarks.
## 10. Changes
We may update, change, or discontinue any aspect of our Services at any time. Since we’re constantly updating our Services, we sometimes have to change the legal terms under which they’re offered. The Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Automattic, or if Automattic posts a revised version. We’ll let you know when there are changes: we’ll post them here and update the “Last Updated” date, and we may also post on one of our blogs or send you an email or other communication before the changes become effective. Your continued use of our Services after the new terms take effect will be subject to the new terms, so if you disagree with the changes in the new terms, you should stop using our Services. To the extent you have an existing subscription, you may be eligible for a refund.
## 11. Termination
We may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. We have the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) reclaim your username due to prolonged inactivity, (ii) refuse or remove any content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any the Agreement or any Luis Scholl policy, or is in any way harmful or objectionable, (iii) ask you to make adjustments, restrict the resources you use, or terminate your access to the Services, if we believe your usage burdens our systems, or (iv) terminate or deny access to and use of any of our Services to any individual or entity for any reason.
You can stop using our Services at any time.
## 12. Disclaimers
Our Services are provided “as is.” Luis Scholl and his suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Luis Scholl, nor his suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that our Services will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re reading this, [here’s a treat](https://beatfork.com/tos/treat/). You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, our Services at your own discretion and risk.
## 13. Jurisdiction and Applicable Law.
Except to the extent any applicable law provides otherwise, the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of Germany, excluding its conflict of law provisions. The proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services that are not otherwise subject to arbitration (as indicated below) will be the state and federal courts located in Germany.
## 14. Limitation of Liability
In no event will Luis Scholl, or its suppliers, partners, or licensors, be liable (including for any third-party products or services used through our Services) with respect to any subject matter of the Agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts. Luis Scholl shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond his reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
## 15. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Luis Scholl, his contractors, and his licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all losses, liabilities, demands, damages, costs, claims, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Services, including but not limited to your violation of the Agreement or any agreement with a provider of third-party services used in connection with the Services, and any Content that you post through your or another user’s account.
## 16. US Economic Sanctions
You agree that our ability to provide our Services to you is subject to compliance with US sanctions that restrict or prohibit who or from where our Services can be accessed. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you (i) are not located or residing in any country or territory subject to comprehensive US sanctions (currently Cuba, Crimea, Iran, North Korea, Donetsk People’s Republic, Luhansk People’s Republic, and Syria); (ii) are not listed on any United States list of prohibited or restricted parties, such as [OFAC’s Specially Designated Nationals and Persons List](https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-sanctions/specially-designated-nationals-and-blocked-persons-list-sdn-human-readable-lists), or otherwise subject to US sanctions that would prohibit your access to or use of our Services; and (iii) shall not use or allow access by any of your customers or potential customers (if applicable) to the Services in any manner that may cause Automattic to violate US export controls and sanctions. We reserve the right to restrict or block your access, or access by any of your customers or potential customers (if applicable), to the Services and/or to terminate the Agreement at any time without notice if we determine, at our sole discretion, that such access may cause a violation or create unacceptable risk to us under export controls or sanctions.

## 17. Translation
These Terms were originally written in English (US). We may translate these terms into other languages, and in the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms and the English version, the English version will control.
## 18. Miscellaneous
The Agreement (together with any other terms we provide that apply to any specific Service) constitutes the entire agreement between Automattic and you concerning our Services. If any part of the Agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part is severable from the Agreement, and does not affect the validity or enforceability of the rest of the Agreement. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of the Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.
Luis Scholl may assign his rights under the Agreement without condition. You may only assign your rights under the Agreement with our prior written consent.
